OJI Minutes 08 29 00

=> name Indicates action item.

* Mac Bugs: should we assign to nobody@netscape.com?

=> drapeau to give names from for Apple contacts to edburns



* State of the Module:

    Input: list of open bugs on Mozilla Plug-in or OJI modules

    Output: 1. mapping of "problem areas" to "bugs"
            2. Pick which "problem areas" we'll fix before shipping

=> edburns RESOLVED: Destroy on Page Switch adopted, check forward adapter
=> edburns to see if they have any dependencies on 6.0 plugin lifecycle

=> stanleyh to give go/no-go decision on 14711 for PR3 by 5 Sept 00

=> jeff.dyer to check in fixes for 45692, 47272 by 5 Sept 00

=> jeff.dyer to get bug number for Mitch's code to edburns

=> edburns to test Stanley's XPI of 8/15, give to Rebron

=> edburns to file a bug on default plugin URL in commercial build.

=> stanley to look at edburns's fix of 49522

=> stanley to give status of workspace merge

=> Jeff Nieswanger will give a go/no-go on getting pkcs7 signature by 1 Sept
=> default is no.

=> edburns to followup on n.p.m.oji about applet persistence in lieu of
=> "applets always get destroyed".  

=> edburns to file bugs for respond headers.

=> edburns to try to close 21305, WONTFIX.

=> edburns to publish "Problem Area" list.

* Other Vendors:

    Input: who in the world is working on OJI compliant plugins

    Output: list of people we need to keep in the loop

=> drapeau to give edburns list of other vendors: IBM, HP, also name of
=> drapeau liscensee engineer


=> Jeff N. to find way of extracting the raw PKCS7 signature file from a
=> jar loaded by Java.

=> Mitch to investigate what happens when one applet attempts to access
=> another applet from a different origin, but loaded into the same page.
=> What level of access do these applets have in interacting with each
=> other.

=> Jeff D. to revise the OJI security interface to use the PKCS file as
=> describe above.

=> Jeff D. to provide implement the JavaScriptSecurityDomain class 

=> Mitch to provide a way to disable capabilities assigned to a active
=> call stack.

=> Jeff N., Gary, Stanley, Jeff D., Mitch will meet again Friday (9/8)
=> afternoon to continue the security review.


* Let's talk schedule::

    Input: Rhoda Fry's schedule from the Plug-In PTEAM meeting on Friday
    25 August.

    Output: plan of attack to deal with this schedule (Raju, Ed)

We didn't get to this.

* Security Review

    Input: comments from Maxine Erlund's team

    Output: plan of attack for dealing with these security issues.

=> stanley What is the plan of attack for fixing security review issues?

